Update README file. (#13)
ministryofjustice/hmpps-send-legal-mail-staff-ui: README.md

# hmpps-send-legal-mail-staff-ui

## About
Typescript application for prison staff to allow scanning barcodes for legal mail (aka rule39 mail).

### Team
The project is currently maintained by `book-a-prison-visit` team.

### Health
The application has a health endpoint found at `/health` which indicates if the app is running and is healthy.

### Ping
The application has a ping endpoint found at `/ping` which indicates that the app is responding to requests.

### Maintenance pages

> TBD.

Author: The existing maintenance page mechanism will not work due to the updated ingresses. Marked as TBD, will be picked at a later stage.

The application is built on [CircleCI](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/ministryofjustice/hmpps-send-legal-mail-staff-ui).

### Versions
The application version currently running can be found on the `/health` endpoint at node `build.buildNumber`. The format of the version number is `YYY-MM-DD.ccc.gggggg` where `ccc` is the Circle job number and `gggggg` is the git commit reference.

### Rolling back the application

* <em>Requires CLI tools `kubectl` and `helm`</em>
* <em>Requires access to Cloud Platform Kubernetes `live` cluster</em>
* <em>Requires membership of Github team `book-a-prison-visit`</em>

For example in the dev environment:
1. Set the Kube context with command `kubectl config use-context live.cloud-platform.service.justice.gov.uk`
2. Set the Kube namespace with command `kubectl config set-context --current --namespace send-legal-mail-to-prisons-dev`
3. List the charts deployed by helm with command `helm list`
4. List the deployments for this application with command `helm history hmpps-send-legal-mail-staff-ui`
5. Given the application version you wish to rollback to, find the related revision number

> 6. Rollback to that version with command `helm rollback send-legal-mail-to-prisons <revision-number>` replacing `<revision-number>` as appropriate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Rollback to that version with command `helm rollback hmpps-send-legal-mail-staff-ui <revision-number>` replacing `<revision-number>` as appropriate
```

That would be rolling back the other app!
